User
> The User should be able to register and login to the system. 
> Upon registration, the User should provide their personal details such as name, email, phone number, and password.
> After successful registration, the user will be provided a user id and the User should be able to login using their email and password.
> The user should be able to view the list of available books in the library.
> The user should be able to search for a book by title, author, genre or year.
> The user should be able to borrow a book if it is available (up to a limit of 3 books, and only if they have no outstanding fines) and return it after use.
> The user should be able to pay any outstanding overdue fines.
> The user should be able to view their complete transaction history.

Librarian (Administrator)
> The Librarian should be able login to the system.
> The Librarian should be able to add new books to the library's collection by providing details such as title, author, genre, and year of publication.
> The Librarian should be able to update the details of existing books in the library's collection.
> The Librarian should be able to remove books from the library's collection.
> The Librarian should be able to view the list of borrowed books and their due dates.
> The Librarian should be able to view the status of a user (User Report).
> The Librarian should be able to generate reports on all system transactions and active overdue books.

Library Management System
> The Library Management System should be able to store and manage user information, including personal details, login credentials, and fine balances, persisting them to flat text files.
> The Library Management System should be able to store and manage book information, including title, author, genre, year of publication, and availability status, persisting them to flat text files.
> The Library Management System should be able to track borrowed books and transaction status (borrowed date, estimated return date, actual return date, status), persisting them to flat text files.
> The system should be able to generate reports on borrowed books, overdue books, and user activity.
> The system should be able to send notifications to users (displayed upon login) regarding overdue books and outstanding fine balances.